Add format for changelogs (#122)
rakutentech/android-miniapp: .github/CONTRIBUTING.md

The footer should contain any information about **Breaking Changes** and is also the place to
reference GitHub issues that this commit **Closes**.

**Breaking Changes** should start with the word `BREAKING CHANGE:` with a space or two newlines. The rest of the commit message is then used for this.

## Changelog Guidelines
All changes will be documented using a [CHANGELOG](https://github.com/rakutentech/android-miniapp/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md) by writing chronologically for each version with the following format:

```
Release Version (YYYY-MM-DD)
SDK
- <description>
<BLANK LINE>
Sample App
- <description>
```

### Description

> A sentence describes the type of change with an information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A sentence describing the type of change with necessary and relevant information.
```

```
<bold><change type></bold>: <subject>
```

#### Change type
* **Feature**: Added a new feature.

> * **Fixed**: When there is a hotfix or bugfix. Something has been upgraded could be mentioned too.

Reviewer: The improvements can be contained either in Feature or in Improvements IMO, where it is more logical, considering their enhancing nature.
Whereas a fix is more of the type of making the existing thing work.

Author: Yeah, I am okay with use of "Improvement" keyword instead of "Fixed".

> * **Deprecated**: Still available something for using but will no longer be developed or supported. This is an indication for not using it

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* **Deprecated**: Still available for use but will no longer be developed or supported. This is an indication it should not be used and will be removed in the next major version release.
```

> * **Obsoleted**: No longer works as expected since a better alternative is available and will maybe discontinued from the next releases.

Reviewer: What is the use case of `Obsoleted`? I think maybe this can be removed.

Author: `Obsoleted` here is a previous step of `Removed` phase which means kinda out-of-use. I don't find any "Obsoleted" annotation in Android by default yet, rather Android uses [Deprecated](https://developer.android.com/reference/java/lang/Deprecated) to define the situation. 

in iOS, I am not sure if we need to use `Obsoleted`. 
cc: @Climbatize @ts-leojoseph-r

* **Removed**: When a feature has been expired by the sunsetting deadline.

> * Write "no changes" when there is no difference with previous release version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Write "No Changes" when there is no difference with the previous release version.
```
